hello people with you woodcutter and
today I will tell you how force version 1 7 2
first we need to download go google
another search engine and search engine
line we write google click on the first
line in the search results appear
on the page with versions of forge we are looking for 172 and
here choose the latest version click
instyler and go here waiting for 5 seconds
and on the top right click to skip
advertising and download I already downloaded
Now we search optifine for the search line and
just as normal first line
search results get on
Optifine official website and click
download
choose maycroft 172 and click yes but
choose optifine idiot and click
download should get the media on the page
with advertising here waiting for five seconds
skip it click here and download
I have already downloaded everything now
where did you download your forge
Run your styler select and become
client here if you have installed
maycroft standard on the standard path
then we do not change anything if you have some
certain folder is set then
click on the ellipsis and choose when
you all picked
click ok first downloaded
library files farge
and then you have such a window
that the force successfully installed the thoughts of you
weakly internet 100 minutes five can and
longer will start their stuffing started
he downloads folders with minecraft such
libraries and download your own ones here
files and folders versus it creates a new
folder is minced 172 and version so now if
the first time you are installing for the
manually create the mods folder if you have
I don't have it already we go in and
and here we transfer the downloaded jar file
optifine
now run our launcher run
I have a talent launcher , I use you
the launcher and in the list of versions choose
forge version 172 and ford version itself
click enter the game
and now we will take care of our mega
Here are the awards started and how we see
on the left we have a panel where
information about ford is there and
optifine let's create new ones and
check installed we twist but
as you can see we have a brain section here
where there is a list may have been put forward as
create new world creative download
of the world
landscape generation
and here we are the world booted go in the menu
graphics settings settings and as you can see
we have new optifine items and
anime details
performance goats mean optifine
set on this all with you was
woodcutter use put huskies
subscribe to the channel everyone thanks for
view all bye to new meetings